Allow to provide multiple host names (#39)
tklauser/llmnrd: README.md

$ llmnrd -6
```

> By default, `llmnrd` respond to name requests matching the systems hostname.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `llmnrd` responds to name requests matching the system hostname.
```
